Python scope.md added (#480)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/scope/scope.md

---
Title: 'Scope'

> Description: 'The variable is only usable inside the region it is created is called as scope in python'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Scope refers to the areas in which variables are visible and accessible.'
```

Let's always end the meta-`Description` with a period `.`.

Subjects:

>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Data Science'
>   - 'Web Development'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `Code Foundations`
  - 'Computer Science'
```

`Data Science` and `Web Development` don't seem close enough in relation to scope in Python. I consider scope to be a foundational coding principle that all programmers, whether they are web developers or data scientists, should understand and appreciate. 😄

Tags:

>   - 'Lists'
>   - 'Arrays'
>   - 'Objects'
>   - 'Data Structures'
>   - 'Data Types'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `Conceptual`
  - `Scope`
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The variable is only usable inside the region it is created is called as **scope** in python. Now this region can be anything a class, method(function), loops, if statements, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scope refers to the areas in which variables are accessible. Variables that can be accessed anywhere in a Python are in the global scope. Conversely, variables that are defined within the body of structures like classes and methods exist in the local scope.
```

Docs entries should always have a manual-like tone that is inviting and informative.

> ## Types of Scopes
>  **Local Scope**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Local Scope
```

 
 Suppose there is a function and a variable is initialized in it. Now this variable can only be used within that funtion not from outside the function.

>  ~~~

Reviewer: Change all of the `~~~` to three back-ticks ` ``` `. That's how we format the code snippets for the live Docs site.

Author: Hii @Dusch4593 , i have committed all the suggestions that you have made so far
thank you for your review and suggesting me the changes.

> def fun():
>     x = 200
>     print(x)
> 
> myfun()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def fun():
  x = 200
  print(x)

myfun()
```

Let's tab with two (2) spaces.

 ~~~

> **Nexted Functions Scope**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Nested Functions and Local Scope
```

> Here, if the variable initialised in the outer function and that variable is used in the inner function then its totally fine, but when the case is vice versa it will generate an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, a variable `x` is defined within the local scope of the `outerfun()` function, followed by a defined `innerfun()` function. Since `innerfun()` exists within the local scope of `outerfun()`, `x` can be accessed and printed within `innerfun()`:

```

We always want to surround a code snippet with an empty line on the top and the bottom.

```

> def outerfun():
>     x = 200        #initialised in outer function.
>     def innerfun():
>         print(x)
>     innerfun()
> 
> outerfun()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def outerfun():
  x = 200
  #initialised in outer function.
  
  def innerfun():
      print(x)
  innerfun()

outerfun()
# Output: 200
```

```

> **Global Scope**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Global Scope
```

A variable initialised in the main body is defined as a **global** variable and can be used anywhere in the code. It could be nested blocks, loops, etc.
```

> x = 200     #global variable
> 
> def fun():
>     print(x)
> 
> fun()
> print(x)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
x = 200

def fun():
    print(x)

fun()
print(x)
"""
Output:
200
200
"""
```

> ```

Reviewer: Could we add one sentence about + a codebyte/py example of using the `global` keyword to define a global variable within a function? 

```codebyte/py
def fun():
  global x
  x = 200

fun()

print(x)
```

---
Title: 'Scope'

> Description: 'Scope refers to the areas in which variables are visible and accessible.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Scope refers to the areas that variables are visible and accessible.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Conceptual'
  - 'Scope'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> Scope refers to the areas in which variables are visible and accessible. Variables that can be accessed anywhere in a Python program are in the global scope. Conversely, variables that are defined within the body of structures like classes and methods exist in the local scope.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scope refers to the areas that variables are visible and accessible. Variables that can be accessed anywhere in a Python program are in the global scope. Conversely, variables that are defined within the body of structures like classes and methods exist only in the local scope.
```

## Local Scope

> Suppose there is a function and a variable is initialized in it. Now this variable can only be used within that funtion not from outside the function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Suppose a variable is initialized within a function. This variable can only be used within that function and not from outside the function.
```

```

> def fun():
>  x = 200
>  print(x)
> 
> myfun()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
def my_function():
 x = 200
 print(x)

my_function()
```

```

## Nested Functions and Local Scope

In the example below, a variable `x` is defined within the local scope of the `outerfun()` function, followed by a defined `innerfun()` function. Since `innerfun()` exists within the local scope of `outerfun()`, `x` can be accessed and printed within `innerfun()`:

```

> def outerfun():

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def outer_function():
```

  x = 200
  #initialised in outer function.

>   def innerfun():

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  def inner_function():
```

      print(x)

>   innerfun()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  inner_function()
```

> outerfun()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outer_function()
```

# Output: 200

> ```

Reviewer 2: Let's stick with the snake_case naming convention and write out the entire variable name here:

- `outerfun()` -> `outer_function()`
- `innerfun()` -> `inner_function()`

## Global Scope

> A variable initialised in the main body is defined as a **global** variable and can be used anywhere in the code. It could be nested blocks, loops, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A variable initialized in the main body is defined as a global variable and can be used anywhere in the code, including nested blocks, loops, etc. This is because these variables exist in the global scope of the code.
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```py
```

Let's make this code block, as well as all the previous code blocks, be python blocks by adding "py"

x = 200

def fun():
  print(x)

fun()
print(x)
"""
Output:
200
200

> """

Reviewer 2: Let's turn this into a comment

Reviewer: I was only suggesting a multi-line comment because isn't that how the `x`s would print out? But I'm totally fine with doing something else like this:

```
# Output: 200 200
```

Reviewer 2: @Dusch4593 Oh, a multi-line comment is fine with me as well! I'm going to resolve this convo then. @Vivek-Prajapatii Please disregard this suggestion of mine.
